---
layout: post
title: Day 14. How to Blog
categories: developer
tags: 100DaysOfCode carlieRocks 
---

##  Worked On

- Thinking about this website

## Progress

I've been thinking a bit about this website today. I really want to make my own blogging CMS. Yes, I know there are lots of options out there. I have used many. But I am looking forward to the challenge of making my own. 

I want to do it in python. Mainly because I will be learning rails at school, I'll be doing express and the whole MERN stack at school. I really want to solidify my python knowledge. I want to also be able to put a python framework on to my resume. And because I want to.

It'll be slow going. I'm hoping to do it during my school holidays that are in a month. I mean, I could spend that time studying for the next term. Or spending it having a break from programming (which may happen anyway, lol). But it sounds fun. 

I spent today wondering - Flask or Django? I'm leaning towards Flask. But, wondering if that is limiting myself, and I should go hard or go home (Django sounds more hardcore? I don't know much, though). But, I think I'll go Flask. I can always change it later, right? (lol, I'll never have time to change it). 

I feel like I'll be gently wetting my feet with flask, and that Django might have future extensibility, but .... I dunno. I need to make a decision, so I guess I'll do Flask. 

## Links

- [Data Structures in Ruby](https://medium.com/amiralles/mastering-data-structures-in-ruby-recap-682a698b90d0) - I read through a little of these. They are making more sense now then they have in the past. Yay. 
- [Flask Blogging](https://flask-blogging.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [Video - Web Programming in Flask](https://youtu.be/zdgYw-3tzfI) - I've watched about half of this. It's similar to Express.js which I've done a teeny tiny amount, and my skills in that are transferable so far. Looking forward to giving this a go!